/***********************************************************

     LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR TeSS VERSION 0.1

This software (called TeSS) is
copyrighted by the Regents of the University of California.
The following terms apply to all files associated with the
software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.

TeSS includes  versions of the
following libraries: gnu-regexp-1.0.8


The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, and modify
this software, without fee or royalty, for any purpose
whatsoever, provided this copyright and a copy of this
license (for reference) are retained in all distributed
copies.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO
ANY PARTY FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DERIVATIVES THEREOF,
EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON
AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO
OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES,
ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.


RESTRICTED RIGHTS: Use, duplication or disclosure by the
government is subject to the restrictions as set forth in
subparagraph (c) (1) (ii) of the Rights in Technical Data
and Computer Software Clause as DFARS 252.227-7013 and FAR
52.227-19.

Author:  Nick Lanham

Contact: tessinfo@db.cs.berkeley.edu
         http://db.cs.berkeley.edu/~nickl/tess

************************************************************/

